Preview of Vespa on ARM64 (#158)
vespa-engine/blog: _posts/2022-02-16-preview-of-vespa-on-arm64.md

#### RPMs
The RPMs are available from [Fedora Copr](https://copr.fedorainfracloud.org/coprs/g/vespa/vespa/). This is the same location that the *x86_64* architecture RPMs are available, but there is a difference. We have changed the OS we build for to [CentOS Stream 8](https://www.centos.org/centos-stream/). To install the *ARM64* preview of Vespa on an CentOS Stream 8 OS, execute the following:
```
$ dnf config-manager --add-repo https://copr.fedorainfracloud.org/coprs/g/vespa/vespa/repo/centos-stream-8/group_vespa-vespa-centos-stream-8.repo
$ dnf install vespa
```

#### Container image
We also publish container images of the *ARM64* preview. As with the RPMs these are also based on [CentOS Stream 8](https://www.centos.org/centos-stream/). The images are published to the [GitHub Container Registry](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-container-registry), and the latest image can be obtained by pulling `ghcr.io/vespa-engine/vespa-arm64-preview`.

## Vespa Quick Start on *ARM64*

> If you would like to test the *ARM64* preview the easiest way is to use [Docker](https://docker.io) or [Podman](https://podman.io) on a *ARM64* based machine. The [Vespa Quick Start Guide](https://docs.vespa.ai/en/vespa-quick-start.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to test the *ARM64* preview, the easiest way is to use [Docker](https://docker.io) or [Podman](https://podman.io) on a *ARM64* based machine. The [Vespa Quick Start Guide](https://docs.vespa.ai/en/vespa-quick-start.html)
```

can be followed as described except for the container startup in step 4. There you will have to swap the regular `vespaengine/vespa` image with the *ARM64* preview so this step becomes:
```
$ docker run --detach --name vespa --hostname vespa-container \
  --publish 8080:8080 --publish 19071:19071 \
  ghcr.io/vespa-engine/vespa-arm64-preview
```

## Support

> Vespa on *ARM64* is published as a preview for the community to be able to test on this architecture. Help and support will be provided as a best effort through the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/vespa-engine/vespa/issues) and on the [Vespa Slack](http://slack.vespa.ai). The timeline for a production ready release on the *ARM64* architecture is not currently available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vespa on *ARM64* is published as a preview for the community to be able to test on this architecture.
Help and support will be provided as a best effort through the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/vespa-engine/vespa/issues)
and on the [Vespa Slack](http://slack.vespa.ai).
The timeline for a production ready release on the *ARM64* architecture is not set yet.
```
